Global variable chapter added (#162)
rizinorg/book: src/refcard/intro.md

| avgp name           | Print global variable     |
| avgx name           | Show xrefs to the global  |

> For more info check [this](/src/configuration/global_variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info check the [global variable documentation](/src/configuration/global_variables.md).
```
